Update  MIP84 (#666)
makerdao/mips: MIP84/MIP84.md

The POVEC Virtual Price Ceiling of ETH (For Lido Staked ETH or EtherDai): 1500 USD

### MIP84c12: Modify Protocol-Owned Vault Emulation Collateral Virtual Price Ceiling

This component enables a Subproposal Process to modify the POVEC Virtual Price Ceiling defined in MIP84c11.

#### Subproposal Parameters and Template

The parameters for MIP84c12 subproposals are:

- **Minimum Feedback Period**: 4 weeks.
- **Minimum Frozen Period**: 1 week.
- **Governance Cycle**: Monthly.

Facilitators with relevant mandates may propose weekly polls to amend the Protocol-Owned Vault Emulation Collateral Virtual Price Ceiling when they deem necessary.

MIP84c12 subproposals must use the template located at [MIP84c12-Subproposal-Template.md](https://github.com/makerdao/mips/blob/master/MIP84/MIP84c12-Subproposal-Template.md).

# MIP84c13: Long-term replacement of the Protocol-Owned Vault Emulation

> The POVE is not meant to be a permanent feature of the Endgame, rather it is a short-term solution that allows Maker to quickly begin accumulating staked ETH, which enables it to be done at a slower rate, reducing risks.

Reviewer: He's saying it's quicker than a completely automated solution but it doesn't make a whole lot of sense as written. How about the below?

```suggestion
The POVE is not meant to be a permanent feature of the Endgame, rather it is a short-term solution that allows Maker to quickly begin accumulating staked ETH at a steady rate, reducing risks.
```
